Add includeUnstaged option to commit slash command (#1948)
continuedev/continue: docs/docs/customization/slash-commands.md

```json
{
  "name": "commit",

>   "description": "Generate a commit message for the current changes",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "description": "Generate a commit message for staged changes",
  "params": { "includeUnstaged": true }
```

Also, I think making a note in the text above this JSON block that the default behavior is to ignore unstaged changes would be helpful.

Shows the LLM a `git diff` of your current staged changes and asks it to generate a commit message. 

> If `includeUnstaged` is set to true, then unstaged changes are also included in the prompt, otherwise only staged changes are included."
